Add tooltip for addons in Hello Minikube page (#18156)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/addons.md

---

> title: Addons

Reviewer: I _prefer_:
```suggestion
title: Add-ons
```
but this isn't a strongly held view.

id: addons
date: 2019-12-15
full_link: /docs/concepts/cluster-administration/addons/
short_description: >
  Resources that extend the functionality of Kubernetes.

aka:
tags:
- tool
---
  Resources that extend the functionality of Kubernetes.

<!--more-->

> Find the list of available addons [here](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/addons/).

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
[Installing addons](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/addons/) explains more about using add-ons with your cluster, and lists some popular add-ons.
```
